Add --hostonly-initrd option (#552)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi.md

: If specified, mkosi does not build unified kernel images and instead installs kernels with a separate
  initrd and boot loader config to the efi or bootloader partition.

> `--hostonly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--hostonly-initrd`
```
This would make it clearer, without reading the docs, what this is for. It would need renaming of `args.hostonly` in either the whole PR or at least the argparse bits and docs, though.

> : If specified, The dracut hostonly option is enabled which tells dracut to only include drivers for the
>   current system in the initramfs. This can speed up boot times when using mkosi's qemu verb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: If specified, mkosi will run the tool to create the initrd such that a non-generic
  initrd is created that will only be able to run on the system mkosi is run on.
  Currently mkosi uses dracut for all supported distributions and this option translates
  to enabling dracut's hostonly option.
```
